Upgrade to JBehave `5.0.1-alpha.6` (#3145)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/glossary.adoc

parameters named via the column headers:

[source,gherkin]
----
|header 1|header 2| .... |header n|
|value 11|value 12| .... |value 1n|
...
|value m1|value m2| .... |value mn|
----

Rows starting with an ignorable separator (defaults to `|--`) are allowed and ignored:

[source,gherkin]
----
|header 1|header 2| .... |header n|
|-- A commented row --|
|value 11|value 12| .... |value 1n|
...
|-- Another commented row --|
|value m1|value m2| .... |value mn|
----

The separators are also configurable via inlined properties:

[source,gherkin]
----
{ignorableSeparator=!--,headerSeparator=!,valueSeparator=!}
!header 1!header 2! .... !header n!
!-- A commented row --!
!value 11!value 12! .... !value 1n!
...
!-- Another commented row --!
!value m1!value m2! .... !value mn!
----

Comments in column values are supported via the `commentSeparator` inlined
property:

[source,gherkin]
----
{commentSeparator=#}
| header 1#comment | header 2 | .... | header n |
| value 11#comment | value 12 | .... | value 1n |
----

Comments including the separator are stripped.

=== Preserving whitespace

By default all column values are trimmed. To avoid trimming the values, use
the `trim` inlined property:

> 
> [source,gherkin]
> ----
> {trim=false}
> | header 1 | header 2 | .... | header n |
> | value 11 | value 12 | .... | value 1n |
> ----
> 
> === Mapping values to `null`-s
> 
> By default all empty values in `ExamplesTable` are treated as empty strings. However
> it might be required to map certain values to `null`-s. It can be done at the step
> implementation level or by applying the generic approach at the table level:
> 
> [source,gherkin]
> ----
> {nullPlaceholder=NULL}
> |header |
> |value 1|
> |NULL   |
> |value 3|
> ----
> 
> === Using values with line breaks
> 
> Line break is a default separator for rows in `ExamplesTable`, that's why they
> can't be added as is to the data. In order to put the value with line breaks to
> `ExamplesTable` escape sequences (a character preceded by a backslash `\` is
> an escape sequence) must be used.
> 
> [cols="1,5", options="header"]
> |===
> |Escape Sequence
> |Description
> 
> |\n<
> |Insert a newline in the value at this point.
> 
> |\r
> |Insert a carriage return in the text at this point.
> 
> |\\
> |Insert a backslash character in the text at this point.
> 
> |===
> 
> The inlined property `processEscapeSequences` defines whether escape sequences
> should be replaced in the data. It’s `false` by default (no property is declared
> explicitly). The allowed values are `true` and `false`, any other values are
> considered invalid and will lead to parsing error.
> 
> [source,gherkin]
> ----
> {processEscapeSequences=true, commentSeparator=#}
> |header          |
> |line 1\nline 2  |# The value with a newline
> |line 1\r\nline 2|# The value with a carriage return and a newline
> |line 1\\nline 2 |# The value with an escaped escape sequence, the result will be "line 1\nline 2"
> ----
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== ExamplesTable
*Synonyms*: examples table, data table.

`ExamplesTable` represents a tabular structure that holds rows of example data for
parameters named via the column headers:

[source,gherkin]
----
|header 1|header 2| .... |header n|
|value 11|value 12| .... |value 1n|
...
|value m1|value m2| .... |value mn|
----

Rows starting with an ignorable separator (defaults to `|--`) are allowed and ignored:

[source,gherkin]
----
|header 1|header 2| .... |header n|
|-- A commented row --|
|value 11|value 12| .... |value 1n|
...
|-- Another commented row --|
|value m1|value m2| .... |value mn|
----

The separators are also configurable via inlined properties:

[source,gherkin]
----
{ignorableSeparator=!--,headerSeparator=!,valueSeparator=!}
!header 1!header 2! .... !header n!
!-- A commented row --!
!value 11!value 12! .... !value 1n!
...
!-- Another commented row --!
!value m1!value m2! .... !value mn!
----

Comments in column values are supported via the `commentSeparator` inlined
property:

[source,gherkin]
----
{commentSeparator=#}
| header 1#comment | header 2 | .... | header n |
| value 11#comment | value 12 | .... | value 1n |
----

Comments including the separator are stripped.

=== Preserving whitespace

By default all column values are trimmed. To avoid trimming the values, use
the `trim` inlined property:

[source,gherkin]
----
{trim=false}
| header 1 | header 2 | .... | header n |
| value 11 | value 12 | .... | value 1n |
----

=== Mapping values to `null`-s

By default, all empty values in `ExamplesTable` are treated as empty strings. However,
it might be required to map certain values to `null`-s. This can be done at the step
implementation level or by applying the generic approach at the table level:

[source,gherkin]
----
{nullPlaceholder=NULL}
|header |
|value 1|
|NULL   |
|value 3|
----

=== Using values with line breaks

Line break is the default separator for rows in `ExamplesTable`, that's why they
can't be added as is to the data. In order to add value with line breaks to
`ExamplesTable` escape sequences (a character preceded by a backslash `\` is
escape sequence) must be used.

[cols="1,5", options="header"]
|===
|Escape Sequence
|Description

|\n<
|Insert a newline in the value at this point.

|\r
|Insert a carriage return in the text at this point.

|\\
|Insert a backslash character in the text at this point.

|===

The inlined property `processEscapeSequences` defines whether escape sequences
should be replaced with the data. It’s `false` by default (no property is declared
explicitly). The allowed values are `true` and `false`, any other values are
considered invalid and will lead to parsing error.

[source,gherkin]
----
{processEscapeSequences=true, commentSeparator=#}
|header          |
|line 1\nline 2  |# The value with a newline
|line 1\r\nline 2|# The value with a carriage return and a newline
|line 1\\nline 2 |# The value with an escaped escape sequence, the result will be "line 1\nline 2"
----

```

> 
> [source,gherkin]
> ----
> {trim=false}
> | header 1 | header 2 | .... | header n |
> | value 11 | value 12 | .... | value 1n |
> ----
> 
> === Mapping values to `null`-s
> 
> By default all empty values in `ExamplesTable` are treated as empty strings. However
> it might be required to map certain values to `null`-s. It can be done at the step
> implementation level or by applying the generic approach at the table level:
> 
> [source,gherkin]
> ----
> {nullPlaceholder=NULL}
> |header |
> |value 1|
> |NULL   |
> |value 3|
> ----
> 
> === Using values with line breaks
> 
> Line break is a default separator for rows in `ExamplesTable`, that's why they
> can't be added as is to the data. In order to put the value with line breaks to
> `ExamplesTable` escape sequences (a character preceded by a backslash `\` is
> an escape sequence) must be used.
> 
> [cols="1,5", options="header"]
> |===
> |Escape Sequence
> |Description
> 
> |\n<
> |Insert a newline in the value at this point.
> 
> |\r
> |Insert a carriage return in the text at this point.
> 
> |\\
> |Insert a backslash character in the text at this point.
> 
> |===
> 
> The inlined property `processEscapeSequences` defines whether escape sequences
> should be replaced in the data. It’s `false` by default (no property is declared
> explicitly). The allowed values are `true` and `false`, any other values are
> considered invalid and will lead to parsing error.
> 
> [source,gherkin]
> ----
> {processEscapeSequences=true, commentSeparator=#}
> |header          |
> |line 1\nline 2  |# The value with a newline
> |line 1\r\nline 2|# The value with a carriage return and a newline
> |line 1\\nline 2 |# The value with an escaped escape sequence, the result will be "line 1\nline 2"
> ----
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== ExamplesTable
*Synonyms*: examples table, data table.

`ExamplesTable` represents a tabular structure that holds rows of example data for
parameters named via the column headers:

[source,gherkin]
----
|header 1|header 2| .... |header n|
|value 11|value 12| .... |value 1n|
...
|value m1|value m2| .... |value mn|
----

Rows starting with an ignorable separator (defaults to `|--`) are allowed and ignored:

[source,gherkin]
----
|header 1|header 2| .... |header n|
|-- A commented row --|
|value 11|value 12| .... |value 1n|
...
|-- Another commented row --|
|value m1|value m2| .... |value mn|
----

The separators are also configurable via inlined properties:

[source,gherkin]
----
{ignorableSeparator=!--,headerSeparator=!,valueSeparator=!}
!header 1!header 2! .... !header n!
!-- A commented row --!
!value 11!value 12! .... !value 1n!
...
!-- Another commented row --!
!value m1!value m2! .... !value mn!
----

Comments in column values are supported via the `commentSeparator` inlined
property:

[source,gherkin]
----
{commentSeparator=#}
| header 1#comment | header 2 | .... | header n |
| value 11#comment | value 12 | .... | value 1n |
----

Comments including the separator are stripped.

=== Preserving whitespace

By default all column values are trimmed. To avoid trimming the values, use
the `trim` inlined property:

[source,gherkin]
----
{trim=false}
| header 1 | header 2 | .... | header n |
| value 11 | value 12 | .... | value 1n |
----

=== Mapping values to `null`-s

By default, all empty values in `ExamplesTable` are treated as empty strings. However,
it might be required to map certain values to `null`-s. This can be done at the step
implementation level or by applying the generic approach at the table level:

[source,gherkin]
----
{nullPlaceholder=NULL}
|header |
|value 1|
|NULL   |
|value 3|
----

=== Using values with line breaks

Line break is the default separator for rows in `ExamplesTable`, that's why they
can't be added as is to the data. In order to add value with line breaks to
`ExamplesTable` escape sequences (a character preceded by a backslash `\` is
escape sequence) must be used.

[cols="1,5", options="header"]
|===
|Escape Sequence
|Description

|\n<
|Insert a newline in the value at this point.

|\r
|Insert a carriage return in the text at this point.

|\\
|Insert a backslash character in the text at this point.

|===

The inlined property `processEscapeSequences` defines whether escape sequences
should be replaced with the data. It’s `false` by default (no property is declared
explicitly). The allowed values are `true` and `false`, any other values are
considered invalid and will lead to parsing error.

[source,gherkin]
----
{processEscapeSequences=true, commentSeparator=#}
|header          |
|line 1\nline 2  |# The value with a newline
|line 1\r\nline 2|# The value with a carriage return and a newline
|line 1\\nline 2 |# The value with an escaped escape sequence, the result will be "line 1\nline 2"
----

```

> 
> [source,gherkin]
> ----
> {trim=false}
> | header 1 | header 2 | .... | header n |
> | value 11 | value 12 | .... | value 1n |
> ----
> 
> === Mapping values to `null`-s
> 
> By default all empty values in `ExamplesTable` are treated as empty strings. However
> it might be required to map certain values to `null`-s. It can be done at the step
> implementation level or by applying the generic approach at the table level:
> 
> [source,gherkin]
> ----
> {nullPlaceholder=NULL}
> |header |
> |value 1|
> |NULL   |
> |value 3|
> ----
> 
> === Using values with line breaks
> 
> Line break is a default separator for rows in `ExamplesTable`, that's why they
> can't be added as is to the data. In order to put the value with line breaks to
> `ExamplesTable` escape sequences (a character preceded by a backslash `\` is
> an escape sequence) must be used.
> 
> [cols="1,5", options="header"]
> |===
> |Escape Sequence
> |Description
> 
> |\n<
> |Insert a newline in the value at this point.
> 
> |\r
> |Insert a carriage return in the text at this point.
> 
> |\\
> |Insert a backslash character in the text at this point.
> 
> |===
> 
> The inlined property `processEscapeSequences` defines whether escape sequences
> should be replaced in the data. It’s `false` by default (no property is declared
> explicitly). The allowed values are `true` and `false`, any other values are
> considered invalid and will lead to parsing error.
> 
> [source,gherkin]
> ----
> {processEscapeSequences=true, commentSeparator=#}
> |header          |
> |line 1\nline 2  |# The value with a newline
> |line 1\r\nline 2|# The value with a carriage return and a newline
> |line 1\\nline 2 |# The value with an escaped escape sequence, the result will be "line 1\nline 2"
> ----
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== ExamplesTable
*Synonyms*: examples table, data table.

`ExamplesTable` represents a tabular structure that holds rows of example data for
parameters named via the column headers:

[source,gherkin]
----
|header 1|header 2| .... |header n|
|value 11|value 12| .... |value 1n|
...
|value m1|value m2| .... |value mn|
----

Rows starting with an ignorable separator (defaults to `|--`) are allowed and ignored:

[source,gherkin]
----
|header 1|header 2| .... |header n|
|-- A commented row --|
|value 11|value 12| .... |value 1n|
...
|-- Another commented row --|
|value m1|value m2| .... |value mn|
----

The separators are also configurable via inlined properties:

[source,gherkin]
----
{ignorableSeparator=!--,headerSeparator=!,valueSeparator=!}
!header 1!header 2! .... !header n!
!-- A commented row --!
!value 11!value 12! .... !value 1n!
...
!-- Another commented row --!
!value m1!value m2! .... !value mn!
----

Comments in column values are supported via the `commentSeparator` inlined
property:

[source,gherkin]
----
{commentSeparator=#}
| header 1#comment | header 2 | .... | header n |
| value 11#comment | value 12 | .... | value 1n |
----

Comments including the separator are stripped.

=== Preserving whitespace

By default all column values are trimmed. To avoid trimming the values, use
the `trim` inlined property:

[source,gherkin]
----
{trim=false}
| header 1 | header 2 | .... | header n |
| value 11 | value 12 | .... | value 1n |
----

=== Mapping values to `null`-s

By default, all empty values in `ExamplesTable` are treated as empty strings. However,
it might be required to map certain values to `null`-s. This can be done at the step
implementation level or by applying the generic approach at the table level:

[source,gherkin]
----
{nullPlaceholder=NULL}
|header |
|value 1|
|NULL   |
|value 3|
----

=== Using values with line breaks

Line break is the default separator for rows in `ExamplesTable`, that's why they
can't be added as is to the data. In order to add value with line breaks to
`ExamplesTable` escape sequences (a character preceded by a backslash `\` is
escape sequence) must be used.

[cols="1,5", options="header"]
|===
|Escape Sequence
|Description

|\n<
|Insert a newline in the value at this point.

|\r
|Insert a carriage return in the text at this point.

|\\
|Insert a backslash character in the text at this point.

|===

The inlined property `processEscapeSequences` defines whether escape sequences
should be replaced with the data. It’s `false` by default (no property is declared
explicitly). The allowed values are `true` and `false`, any other values are
considered invalid and will lead to parsing error.

[source,gherkin]
----
{processEscapeSequences=true, commentSeparator=#}
|header          |
|line 1\nline 2  |# The value with a newline
|line 1\r\nline 2|# The value with a carriage return and a newline
|line 1\\nline 2 |# The value with an escaped escape sequence, the result will be "line 1\nline 2"
----

```
